§Docs (#2)
animo/aries-framework-javascript: README.md

  /></a>
  <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/hyperledger/aries-framework-javascript/"
    ><img
      alt="Codecov Coverage"
      src="https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/hyperledger/aries-framework-javascript/coverage.svg?style=flat-square"
  /></a>
  <a
    href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hyperledger/aries-framework-javascript/main/LICENSE"
    ><img
      alt="License"
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"
  /></a>
  <a href="https://npmjs.com/package/aries-framework-javascript"
    ><img
      alt="aries-framework-javascript npm version"
      src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/aries-framework"
  /></a>
</p>
<br />

<p align="center">
  <a href="#features">Features</a> &nbsp;|&nbsp;
  <a href="#getting-started">Getting started</a> &nbsp;|&nbsp;
  <a href="#example">Example</a> &nbsp;|&nbsp;
  <a href="#contributing">Contributing</a> &nbsp;|&nbsp;
  <a href="#license">License</a> 
</p>

Aries Framework JavaScript is a typescript framework for building **SSI Agents and DIDComm services** that aims to be **compliant and interoperable** with the standards defined in the [Aries RFCs](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs).

# Features

> Some features are not yet supported, but are on our Roadmap. Check [The roadmap](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-framework-javascript/issues/39).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some features are not yet supported, but are on our Roadmap. Check [the roadmap](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-framework-javascript/issues/39) for more information.
```

- ✅ React Native
- ✅ Node.JS
- ✅ Issue Credential Protocol ([RFC 0036](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/blob/master/features/0036-issue-credential/README.md))
- ✅ Present Proof Protocol ([RFC 0037](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/tree/master/features/0037-present-proof/README.md))
- ✅ Connection Protocol ([RFC 0160](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/blob/master/features/0160-connection-protocol/README.md))
- ✅ Basic Message Protocol ([RFC 0095](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/blob/master/features/0095-basic-message/README.md))
- ✅ Indy Credentials (with `did:sov` support)
- ✅ HTTP Transport
- 🚧 Revocation of Indy Credentials
- 🚧 Mediator Coordination Protocol ([RFC 0211](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/blob/master/features/0211-route-coordination/README.md))

> - 🚧 WebSocket Transport

Reviewer: Ik zou het toch wel nice vinden als deze er bij komt te staan

❌ Browser

> # Getting Started

Reviewer: Dubbele #?

```suggestion
## Getting Started
```

> **NOTE**: Aries Framework JavaScript is currently **not** supported in the **Browser environment**

When you want to get started with Aries Framework JavaScript, depending on your platform, you might need some extra dependencies.

- Libindy, see [our guide](docs/libindy)

- [Node v12](https://nodejs.org/en/) / [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#install--update-script)

> - [Python 2.7](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-2716/)

Reviewer: Python is alleen nodig voor nodejs

To see if Node is installed execute the following:

```bash
node --version
# Expected output: v12.xx.xx
```

To see if Python 2.7 is installed execute the following:

```bash
python --version
# OR
python2 --version

# Expected output: Python 2.7.x
```

## NodeJS

> Now that you have all the depedencies you can start to install the framework itself and it is just two simple steps!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have all the dependencies you can start to install the framework itself in just two simple steps!
```

### **Installation**

<p align="center">⚠️ At this moment only Node version <b>12</b> is supported ⚠️</p>

```bash
npm install aries-framework
npm install indy-sdk
```

## React Native

> <p align="center">⚠️  At this moment React Native > 0.61.5 is <b>not</b> supported for Android ⚠️</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p align="center">⚠️  At this moment React Native > 0.61.5 is <b>not</b> supported for Android ⚠️</p>
```

> Now that you have all the depedencies you can start to install the framework itself and it is just two simple steps!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have all the dependencies you can start to install the framework itself in just two simple steps!
```

### **Installation**

```bash

> npm install aries-framework
> npm install rn-indy-sdk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install aries-framework
# Note we're installing rn-indy-sdk instead of indy-sdk!
npm install rn-indy-sdk
```

```

# Example

> This example shows an example configuration for an `agent`. For this config to work you must download a genesis file, for example from [here](http://dev.greenlight.bcovrin.vonx.io/genesis). This genesis comes from [dev.greenlight.bcovrin.vonx.io](dev.greenlight.bcovrin.vonx.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows an example configuration for an agent. For this config to work you must have an indy ledger you can connect to. For this example you can use the genesis file from [here](http://dev.greenlight.bcovrin.vonx.io/genesis). This genesis comes from [dev.greenlight.bcovrin.vonx.io](dev.greenlight.bcovrin.vonx.io).
```

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```typescript
```
